Jaundice refers to yellowing of
the skin and other areas of the body
due to the buildup of a chemical
called bilirubin.
As part of normal health,
the red blood cells in your child’s body
break down and release
bilirubin into the blood.
The liver uses bilirubin to make bile,
which helps the body digest food
and absorbs fats and some vitamins.
If there is a problem moving
bilirubin out of the liver,
or a higher than normal number of
red blood cells are breaking down,
your child’s skin,
the white part of the eye,
or mucus membrane may appear yellow.
Specific causes of jaundice include:
Liver disease, such as hepatitis
Bile duct disease, such as biliary atresia
Blood problems, such as anemia
Certain medicines,
or Genetic conditions